1. Render issues (7/15/2023 - 7/16/2023)

Since our down functions in our migrations and seeders are not coded properly (we get a foreign key constraint failed, meaning our id counters don't reset, so there's a unique constraint failing), I kept having to change the schema name in the
environment variables on Render for Render to rerun/rebuild everything from scratch. However, I accidentally changed the Schema name to a name
that I had used previously, so although I expected it to rerun the migrations/seeders from scratch, it was starting half way. Unfortunately,
I needed it to rerun the first 2 migrations/seeders, so this weird behavior was pretty tricky to solve.

Another Render issue that I still haven't solved yet (7/15/2023 - 7/17/2023) is Render not properly building when I have an index / unique constraint on a column. Once I commented that small block of code out, Render got past that problem (there were still other issues though, like the one described above)

Takeaway: it's really important to think critically about what could be causing the issue, and to drop all assumptions and isolate the problem.
In most cases, adding console.logs at spots where we think the code might be breaking usually solves the problem. In this case with Render,
reading the error logs carefully and understanding them was the key.

2. wgo.js library issue (7/14/2023)

Using wgo.js to render an SGF in the web browser. This issue was mostly caused by me not using the proper file path to the downloaded
wgo.js files. After being frustrated for 45 minutes, I took a break for a few hours. Within 1 minute of coming back, I instantly realized I wasn't using the right file paths, and this solved most of the problem! Once that was resolved, although I could see a blank rendered Go board on my browser, my SGF wasn't playable, meaning it wasn't finding the SGF from my computer. This meant that either I used the wrong file path / wrong name again, or something else was causing the issue. It turns out I wasn't serving static files in my app.js

Takeaway: Double check file paths, and take breaks if I'm not making progress for 30+ minutes. Sometimes not being tilted and coming back with fresh eyes is all it takes to get a new perspective and solve the problem!

3. Render massive headache with deploying (7/22/23)

Spent 3+ hours on this one issue, finally solved. First problem, Render couldn't find sgfmill and pillow. I used a different build command to install sgfmill, it says it's installed and at the right location, but it keeps saying the same error. Solution: needed to clear cache and rerun the build, not sure how that made it work. Then the nightmare happened, Pillow. It wanted the proper version for python 3.7.3, which is the Render's version of python, I'm using python 3.10 on my local vscode. It needed to use version 8.4 instead of version 10.0 like I had locally. Took me a lot of chatGPT time and google searching to figure this out. Still didn't work... lol. Then finally chatGPT told me to try using a virtual environment for the build command, and that finally worked, for fixing Pillow at least. But now it can't find a folder at /backend/uploads, it used to be backend/uploads, but the local version didn't work, and it needed the first forward slash. So I change it to an absolute path with 2 lines of code, then it stops working locally too, fun. So the problem was it couldn't find the draw parameter in the script. So I added draw=draw, so now you'd think it works on render too, nope! Even though it was back to working locally, Render decides that it can't insert into a column called "user_Id" with a capital I. But everywhere in my code is lowercase id, migration, model, seeder, endpoint, and plus the local environment worked! Great, so I do a vscode search and notice the model association has an upper case "I" so I change that. And I still get the same error... how? Turns out because I disabled auto save to put some print statements above my import statements for the script, it wasn't actually updating. Finally it works now on both the local and live environment!

4. Glift rendering issue (8 year old not maintained library) 8/15 - 10/2

After reading through thousands of line of the Glift source code on the Glift repo, I finally figured out how to set the conditions for if a problem is correct or not, but the issue after that was
that after clicking the correct or incorrect move, Glift would play out the rest of the game (as determined by the SGF game record).  My solution was to just nuke the rest of the SGF after the initial puzzle, but that meant I had to write a python script for that.  For the python script, the biggest issue wasn't creating this new SGF version, but adding comments to the moves.  Glift uses comments with keywords like "correct" to determine if the user's clicked move is correct or not.  Added very specific syntax, converting the move to SGF coordinates, and append it in a certain order to the end of the SGF took ~10+ hours.  Using sgfmill to try to add comments didn't work, but I should have started out with that since the library is probably more robust than me manually coding it.

5. Google Cloud GPU driver issue 10/5:

This might be one of the most challenging bugs I've ever had to deal with, because it was really tricky to replicate and the failures seemed random. The output logs showed no errors, it works for a few hours, then stops working, it was just so strange.  I decided to create a new VM, install the pre-configured Nvidia drivers / CUDA, and yet again, it worked for ~4-5 hours, then stopped working with the exact same error message.  That's when I realized the only thing that was the same between these 2 VM instances was that I had turned them on and off about 5 times before the Nvidia driver stopped working. Running nvidia-smi shows that the driver is properly installed.  However, after ~4-5 hours, and restarting the VM, nvidia-smi throws an error. But when we run: which nvidia-smi  it shows /usr/bin/nvidia-smi meaning it's there, just not getting called.

I could not submit a support ticket on Google Cloud unless I wanted to pay $29+ a month for that, and despite seeing many posts on Stack Overflow or Reddit with the exact same issue, and chatGPT 4 getting very confused with the issue, none of their solutions worked.  Until I found the solution here: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/71596911/can-not-find-nvidia-driver-after-stop-and-start-a-deep-learning-vm/77240237#77240237 to use this command: sudo apt-get install linux-headers-`uname -r`

6. Google Cloud networking issue 10/10:

I had a nightmare regarding networking and not getting my Google Cloud VM blocked by Render.com. I also had a CORs issue.  This problem took about 5 hours across 2 days to solve.  My Google Cloud virtual machine was setup properly with http because I could ping it properly with postman, which also uses http.  However, since Render.com where the website was deployed uses https, it blocks the response from my Google Cloud VM because it's not secure.  I initially tried setting up a load balancer on Google Cloud because that automatically configures https, but that was a lot of work and was very confusing, so I decided to use certbot instead.  However, I couldn't start my server without using sudo (sudo node katago-server.js) since it was on port 443. But using sudo before running our server is bad for security reasons, so I learned and used nginx to create a reverse proxy and set the port to 8081, but then instead of getting blocked with a 500 error, it was now a CORs error.  Since I already configured CORs in our app, this was strange behavior, turns out I was missing the s after http in my nginx code, and I also had to configure my Google Cloud VM firewall to accept traffic on port 8081.

After all that, I could run my https server with node katago-server.js, but the issue was my python code was throwing a runtime error.  This was perplexing because it was working an hour before running a similar command.  After 20 minutes I realized that my Nvidia driver decided to hide itself again.  The previous 3 times this same behavior happened, the VM stopped being able to find the Nvidia driver after just 3-5 hours, and 4-5 VM restarts.  However, after using the one command: sudo apt-get install linux-headers-`uname -r`, it had now worked continously over 5 days and the VM being turned on and off about 100 times. Due to this weird behavior, I had to run the linunx-headers command again, and then everything worked from Render!

7. AI non-deterministic nature issue 11/15:

I have my KataGo AI code on my Google Cloud Virtual machine, as well as locally, they are nearly identical.  I was testing some changes to fix a bug with the AI output, so I was changing the code locally by mistake. I should have been changing the same code on my Google Cloud VM. The reason it took me 3+ hours to figure this out was because I would run the code a few times locally, and it would give me a different output than before, but that was simply because AI was giving different outputs from the same inputs, not that the code getting changed was causing it.
